Is it possible that NASA has not told the general public everything they know
about the planet Mars take, for example, the popular discussion,
whether life ever existed on Mars, which NASA has stated was possible,
but it had to have been at least three closer to 4 billion years ago
based on evidence of oceans lakes and is once existing on Mars.
However, how could these terrain features,
which are found throughout virtually the entire surface of Mars have survived
billions of years of erosion and routine sandstorms of tropical storm strength
as I'll be discussing here shortly,
let me start off by showing you a very short clip that I edited down of a
conversation between Congressman war bucker and a NASA executive in July of this
year, which you may have seen.
And I made a video on this topic and I'll include a link for it at the end of
this video, but for this video, I'm making a completely different point.
So take a look at this,
ignore the part about ancient civilization in that's discuss.
You have indicated that Mars had a, uh,
was totally different thousands of years ago.
Is it possible that there was a civilization on Mars thousands of years ago?
So the evidence is that, um, Mars was different billions of years ago,
not thousands of years ago. Well, yes, that, and, and, um, there would be,
there is no evidence that, uh, I'm aware of that.
Would you rule, would you rule that out that see there's some people? Well.
Anyway, I would, I would say that is extremely unlikely.
Okay. Now again,
ignore the part about ancient civilization for the point of this video and just
focus on the thousands of years ago versus the billions of years ago,
discussion how on earth do these terrain features survive long period
of time. And of course I'm gonna play devil's advocate here.
NASA themselves have shown evidence of running water on Mars existing today.
Take for example, the abundance of ice at the north and south pole of Mars.
And you can see that these ice caps change yearly based on season,
as well as the fact that some of these ice portions do exist in various mountain
ranges and CRAs on Mars.
So although there is evidence of running water on Mars today,
it's in certain areas and it doesn't explain the fact that there are water
channels located thousands of miles from any type of ice.
And they've survived billions of years of routine, sand storms.
These storms are absolutely massive. And just to clarify,
they're not of hurricane strength,
like many people have often thought and seen in movies yet they're tropical
storm strength, 70 miles an hour,
and they are so massive that many of them can only truly be appreciated from
orbit and satellite imagery.
And you can see here that many of these storms will cover the entire planet and
go on for hours on end and days on end in some cases is,
and the effects of these storms on the surface are massive.
And you can see here the differences on how the terrain changes based off just
one storm. So if NASA is so adamant that the surface of Mars,
different three closer to 4 billion years ago, which by the way, dig into that,
I'll have to make, this is just be part one there's other points to be made.
So look forward to other videos.
But if you look at the fine print on how they explain these these billions of
years, I mean,
it doesn't really make sense and they don't have a way to prove it. I mean,
have we sent people to Mars to do the testing? These RO can only do so much.
So how can they honestly state 3 billion years, 4 billion years?
Why not 1 billion? Why not 500 million. So getting away from those timeframes,
we've seen the evidence that just one massive storm completely changes the
terrain of Mars altogether. So how many sandstorms would've happened over,
you know, three, 4 billion years? There's certainly more than one a,
I don't have a specific number other than that,
they a routine and they happen frequently.
So what tens of billions of sand storms,
and yet there are existing evidence of these lake beds,
water channels, and rivers.
I can understand some of the larger terrain features lasting a very long period
of time. Maybe billions of years,
take a look at these two photos here of the same river that NASA claims is
evidence of ancient flooding from billions of years ago.
This river is nearly a thousand miles long,
a thousand feet deep in almost four and a half miles across absolutely massive.
And yet they think that this would survive billions of years of erosion.
How many tens of billions of sand storms is that that that would cover it up and
re-expose it, the winds and sand of time would wear way at the edges.
And we're supposed to believe that this much evidence would survive 3 billion
years, but getting back to these other photos of rivers that are much,
much smaller evidence of creeks, evidence of streams,
and we're supposed to believe that these would survive billions of sea storms.
So when it comes down to,
it's not appropriate to say that these train features that are thousands of
miles of any ice source whatsoever on Mars would survive billions of years
or even millions of years, or even hundreds of thousands of years. In fact,
thousands of years is the appropriate estimate.
And many other people are talking about this,
which is why Congressman Warbuck are of brought it up to this NASA executive and
he didn't follow through, right.
He didn't provide the evidence and he just let it go. He got weak in the moment.
<laugh> but clearly you can see and just think for yourself that there's more to
this story here. These terrain features do not survive billions of years.
They don't survive millions of years.
And I'm not saying none of them would perhaps they're, you know,
when you have a thousand foot deep river,
maybe that would survive a certain period of time, a very long period of time.
But billions guys,
clearly there's far more to the story of Mars than what we've been told.
And there's other key points that are worthy of mention.
So consider this video just part one,
and there'll be others to come where I outline evidence of massive contradiction
from what NASA has told us based on evidence that we and see for ourselves.
So I'll leave it at that like, and subscribe and leave me a comment,
share your thoughts on all of this.
And I have many other videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics.
Take care, everybody.